Data Science
 -> work with data, to find answers to questions that are exploring.
 ->the field of exploring, manipulating, and analyzing data, and using data to answer questions or make recommendations.
 
 Past									Present
 lack of data							Deluge
 no Algorithms							Algorithms
 Software expensive						Free and open source
 Cannot store large amount of data 		Gazillion of dataset at low cost
 not Ubiquitous							Ubiquitous
 
 Fundamentals of Data Science
 -> vast quantity of data from various source: 	log files, emails, SOCIAL MEDIA,, sales data, patient information files, sports performance data, sensor data, security cameras, and many more besides.
 -> with computing power to make useful analysis and reveal new knowledge.
 ->help organizations understand their environments, analyze existing issues, and reveal previously hidden opportunities. 
 Data scientists use data analysis to add to the 
								knowledge of the organization by investigating data,
									exploring the best way to use it to provide value to the business.
 
 Process of Data Science
 Clarify the question that organisation wants answered
 Curiosity to ask question inorder to clarify the business needs
 
 Role of data Scientist
 Analyze the structure and unstructured data from many sources
 Exploring the data using muliple models and reveal patterns
 storyteller, communicating results to stakeholders 
 using data visualization tools understand the nature of results and recommendations action to take.
 
 Data Science is 
 changing the way we work
 changing the way we use data
 changing the way organisations understand the world.
 
 
 Data Scientist
 Curious(not curious, what to do with data)
 Judgemental(no preconceived notions, where to begin with)
 Arguementative(can argument, plead the case)(Storyteller)
 
 
 How do you get a better solution that is efficient? 
 Identify the problem and establish a clear understanding of it. 
 Gather the data for analysis. 
 Identify the right tools to use. 
 Develop a data strategy. Case studies are also helpful in customizing a potential solution. 
 Once these conditions exist and available data is extracted, you can develop a machine learning model. 
 
 
 
 Data science is what data scientists do.
 
 
 
 
 Cloud
 
 Allows you to bypass the physical limitations of your personal computer and the systems you are using.
 Allows you to deploy the analytics and storage capacities of advanced machines that do not necessarily have to be your machine or your company's machine.
 Allows you to deploy very advanced computing algorithms and the ability to do high performance computing using machines that are not yours. 
 Allows multiple entities to work with the same data at the same time.
 Able to get instant access to -> Open Source Technologies like Apache Spark(without local configurations)
								->up-to-date tools & libraries(without maintenance)
